Adds Deliverable 3: Analysis (#7)
ChrisKeefe/DontPanic: Analysis.md

## 2. Model

![](https://lh6.googleusercontent.com/jn-FxfRtgjz9YBbW_PiRTHlkABWxkKVciUy6FafCa7qFvAwGUkQVM09QC9PcCTdJy-pSbd8DjqTIVHHkCQq85x9WcjPrB3bAkt3Y73e82oodQMA82IsT90DNKCnFS3ZpcVccaLXl)

## 3. Class Responsibilities

For each class, include an explanation about its responsibility and why you included it, mapping the classes to the system requirements.

**User**

> * The User Class is responsible for keeping track of a given user's information with regards to how the backend will send them information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The User Class is responsible for keeping track of a given user's personal information, including contact and authentication data

```

* It is included because it allows the necessary information pertaining to delivery information and account information to be stored in a single class, and managed easily from the backend.

> * It helps meet the system requirements because it stores how the user will receive their information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It helps meet the system requirements because it enables personalization of message content and delivery method

```

**Profile**

* The Profile Class stores the preferences of a given user of DontPanic. This includes what kind of notifications they want to receive, and and how they want to receive them.

* It is included to store the users personal preferences. While the User Class focuses on how our back end handles the delivery of information, the Profile Class focuses on what kind of information the user will receive, and how they want to receive it. It is the part that is customizable by them.

* It meets the requirements by giving the user control of the information they want to receive and how they want to receive it.

**Location**

* Because our app uses geo-location, we need to add Location to our diagram.

> * This is because we send notifications that are area-specific, and are crucial to the use of our app. *Keeping these messages relevant to the user is a key part of our app and strongly aligns with our system requirements by keeping users informed with information related to their area.

Reviewer: "*Keeping these messages... " should be bumped to the next line, I think.

> * This is because we send notifications that are area-specific, and are crucial to the use of our app. *Keeping these messages relevant to the user is a key part of our app and strongly aligns with our system requirements by keeping users informed with information related to their area.

Reviewer: Should "*Keeping these messages... " be bumped to the next line?

Reviewer 2: I do no believe that the line needs to be moved down

**Controller**

> * The Controller is what will functionally get the messages the user will receive. It does not store any data, but grabs the messages, which has the data needed.

Reviewer: Is this a bit clearer? 

"The Controller is responsible for accessing user Profile and Location information, and selecting which message(s) to send at a given time based on that data".

Reviewer 2: Change Applied

* Because the Message Class is data, we need something to get the message and deliver it to the user.

> * The Controller will help make the decisions. On which messages to recieve for the user, and will help keep messages relevant to preferences through keywords/tiers that are associated with Message Class.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Controller will help make the decisions about which messages to receive for the user, and will help keep messages relevant to preferences through keywords/tiers that are associated with Message Class.
```

Alternatively, this could be incorporated into the comment above, leaving only two more-detailed bullet points instead of three.

**Messages**

> * The Messages Class helps keep track of how messages are created, and the content in them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Messages Class describes message content, message resources, and message tier/keyword information.

```

> * Since each user can customize the kinds of messages they receive, a Message Class needed to be included to that a message can be tailored to their given preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Since each user can customize the kinds of messages they receive, a Message Class needed to be included, to allow message classification, so that messages are only sent which meet given preferences.

```

> * It meets the system requirements by crafting the message the user wants to receive given their chosen preferences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Message class objects support system requirements by allowing customization of messages delivered given user preferences.

```
